specs/tasks.md, before:

---

description: "Task list template for feature implementation"
---

# Tasks: Responsive Frontend Application

## Format: `[ID] [P?] [Story] Description`

- **[P]**: Can run in parallel (different files, no dependencies)
- **[Story]**: Which user story this task belongs to (e.g., US1, US2, US3)
- Include exact file paths in descriptions

## Path Conventions

- **Frontend project**: `src/` at repository root
- Paths shown assume the structure from plan.md

## Phase 1: Setup (Shared Infrastructure)

**Purpose**: Project initialization and basic structure

- [x] T001 Create package.json with Yarn 4+ configuration
- [x] T002 Initialize TypeScript configuration in tsconfig.json
- [x] T003 Setup Vite configuration for React 19+ in vite.config.ts
- [x] T004 Install core dependencies: React 19+, TypeScript, Material UI
- [x] T005 Install testing dependencies: Vitest, RTL, testing utilities
- [x] T006 Install optional styling: SCSS, Tailwind CSS
- [x] T007 Create basic project structure: src/, public/, tests/
- [x] T008 Configure ESLint and Prettier for code quality

---

## Phase 2: Foundational (Blocking Prerequisites)

**Purpose**: Core infrastructure that MUST be complete before ANY user story can be implemented

**⚠️ CRITICAL**: No user story work can begin until this phase is complete

- [x] T009 Setup React Router for navigation between pages
- [x] T010 Create authentication context and provider in src/contexts/AuthContext.tsx
- [x] T011 Implement protected route component in src/components/ProtectedRoute.tsx
- [x] T012 Create base layout component with responsive structure in src/components/Layout.tsx
- [x] T013 Setup global styles with Material UI theme in src/styles/theme.ts
- [x] T014 Configure responsive breakpoints and mobile-first design in src/styles/responsive.ts
- [x] T015 Create utility functions for responsive design in src/utils/responsive.ts
- [x] T016 Setup Vitest configuration for testing in vitest.config.ts

**Checkpoint**: Foundation ready - user story implementation can now begin in parallel

---

## Phase 3: User Story 1 - User Login (Priority: P1) 🎯 MVP

**Goal**: Implement secure user authentication with login page

**Independent Test**: Can be tested by accessing /login route and attempting authentication

### Tests for User Story 1

- [x] T017 [P] [US1] Unit test for AuthContext login functionality in src/tests/unit/AuthContext.test.tsx
- [x] T018 [P] [US1] Unit test for ProtectedRoute component in src/tests/unit/ProtectedRoute.test.tsx

### Implementation for User Story 1

- [x] T019 [P] [US1] Create Login page component in src/pages/Login.tsx
- [x] T020 [P] [US1] Create login form with Material UI components in src/components/LoginForm.tsx
- [x] T021 [US1] Implement login logic in AuthContext with demo credentials
- [x] T022 [US1] Add form validation and error handling in LoginForm.tsx
- [x] T023 [US1] Style login page for sleek, responsive design
- [x] T024 [US1] Add login route to React Router configuration

**Checkpoint**: At this point, User Story 1 should be fully functional and testable independently

---

## Phase 4: User Story 2 - Landing Page (Priority: P2)

**Goal**: Create an elegant, welcoming landing page

**Independent Test**: Can be viewed by accessing the root route without authentication

### Tests for User Story 2

- [x] T025 [P] [US2] Unit test for Landing page component in src/tests/unit/Landing.test.tsx

### Implementation for User Story 2

- [x] T026 [P] [US2] Create Landing page component in src/pages/Landing.tsx
- [x] T027 [P] [US2] Design hero section with welcoming content in src/components/HeroSection.tsx
- [x] T028 [US2] Add call-to-action elements and navigation hints
- [x] T029 [US2] Style landing page for elegant, standout appearance
- [x] T030 [US2] Ensure full responsiveness across all devices
- [x] T031 [US2] Add landing route as default route in React Router

**Checkpoint**: At this point, User Stories 1 AND 2 should both work independently

---

## Phase 5: User Story 3 - Homepage with Navigation (Priority: P2)

**Goal**: Build homepage with side menu and customizable layout

**Independent Test**: Can be tested by logging in and navigating to /home

### Tests for User Story 3

- [x] T032 [P] [US3] Unit test for SideMenu component in src/tests/unit/SideMenu.test.tsx
- [x] T033 [P] [US3] Unit test for Homepage component in src/tests/unit/Homepage.test.tsx

### Implementation for User Story 3

- [x] T034 [P] [US3] Create Homepage component in src/pages/Homepage.tsx
- [x] T035 [P] [US3] Implement SideMenu component with navigation items in src/components/SideMenu.tsx
- [x] T036 [P] [US3] Create customizable main layout area in src/components/MainLayout.tsx
- [x] T037 [US3] Add layout customization options (demo functionality)
- [x] T038 [US3] Integrate side menu with homepage layout
- [x] T039 [US3] Style homepage for sleek, modern appearance
- [x] T040 [US3] Ensure responsive behavior of navigation and layout
- [x] T041 [US3] Add protected homepage route to React Router

**Checkpoint**: All user stories should now be independently functional

---

## Phase 4: User Story 4 - Theme Management (Priority: P2)

**Goal**: Implement light/dark theme switching with user preferences and SuperAdmin configuration.

**Independent Test**: Can be tested by toggling themes and verifying persistence across sessions.

### Tests for User Story 4

- [x] T056 [P] [US4] Unit test for ThemeContext theme switching functionality in src/tests/unit/ThemeContext.test.tsx
- [x] T057 [P] [US4] Unit test for ThemeToggle component in src/tests/unit/ThemeToggle.test.tsx

### Implementation for User Story 4

- [x] T058 [P] [US4] Install and configure react-i18next for internationalization in src/i18n/index.ts
- [x] T059 [P] [US4] Create theme context and provider for light/dark mode in src/contexts/ThemeContext.tsx
- [x] T060 [P] [US4] Create theme toggle component in src/components/ThemeToggle.tsx
- [x] T061 [US4] Implement theme persistence in localStorage
- [x] T062 [US4] Update Material UI theme provider to support dynamic themes
- [x] T063 [US4] Add theme preference to user profile and settings
- [x] T064 [US4] Style theme toggle for responsive design

**Checkpoint**: Theme switching should work across all components

---

## Phase 5: User Story 5 - Internationalization (Priority: P2)

**Goal**: Add multi-language support with translation management.

**Independent Test**: Can be tested by switching languages and verifying all text updates.

### Tests for User Story 5

- [x] T065 [P] [US5] Unit test for i18n initialization and language switching in src/tests/unit/i18n.test.tsx
- [x] T066 [P] [US5] Unit test for LanguageSelector component in src/tests/unit/LanguageSelector.test.tsx

### Implementation for User Story 5

- [x] T067 [P] [US5] Install and configure react-i18next for internationalization in src/i18n/index.ts
- [x] T068 [P] [US5] Create translation files for English and at least one other language in src/i18n/locales/
- [x] T069 [P] [US5] Create language selector component in src/components/LanguageSelector.tsx
- [x] T070 [US5] Implement language persistence in localStorage
- [x] T071 [US5] Replace hardcoded strings with i18n keys across all components
- [x] T072 [US5] Add language preference to user profile
- [x] T073 [US5] Style language selector for responsive design

**Checkpoint**: All user-facing text should be translatable

---

## Phase 6: User Story 6 - Admin Configuration (Priority: P1)

**Goal**: Build SuperAdmin interface for theme configuration and user management.

**Independent Test**: Can be tested by SuperAdmin accessing admin panel and configuring settings.

### Tests for User Story 6

- [x] T074 [P] [US6] Unit test for role-based access control in src/tests/unit/RoleGuard.test.tsx
- [x] T075 [P] [US6] Unit test for AdminPanel component in src/tests/unit/AdminPanel.test.tsx
- [x] T076 [P] [US6] Unit test for UserManagement component in src/tests/unit/UserManagement.test.tsx

### Implementation for User Story 6

- [x] T077 [P] [US6] Update AuthContext to include user roles (SuperAdmin, Admin, User)
- [x] T078 [P] [US6] Create role-based route guard component in src/components/RoleGuard.tsx
- [x] T079 [P] [US6] Create admin panel page in src/pages/AdminPanel.tsx
- [x] T080 [P] [US6] Create separate user management component in src/components/UserManagement.tsx
- [x] T081 [US6] Implement theme assignment functionality for SuperAdmin
- [x] T082 [US6] Add admin navigation items to side menu (role-based visibility)
- [x] T083 [US6] Create theme configuration interface in admin panel
- [x] T084 [US6] Implement user role management for SuperAdmin
- [x] T085 [US6] Add admin routes to React Router with role protection
- [x] T086 [US6] Style admin panel for responsive design

**Checkpoint**: SuperAdmin should be able to configure themes and manage users

---

## Phase N: Polish & Cross-Cutting Concerns

**Purpose**: Improvements that affect multiple user stories

- [x] T087 [P] Add loading states and spinners across components
- [x] T088 [P] Implement error boundaries for better error handling
- [x] T089 [P] Add accessibility features (ARIA labels, keyboard navigation)
- [x] T090 [P] Optimize performance and bundle size
- [x] T091 [P] Add PWA features for Android/iOS readiness
- [x] T092 [P] Create reusable component library documentation
- [ ] T093 [P] Add end-to-end tests for complete user flows
- [x] T094 Update README.md with project information
- [x] T095 Final responsive testing across all devices and browsers
- [x] T096 [P] Add language selector component for i18n
- [x] T097 [P] Implement user role-based UI rendering
- [x] T098 [P] Add SuperAdmin user management interface
- [x] T099 [P] Create theme assignment functionality for SuperAdmin
- [x] T100 [P] Add audit logging for admin actions

### Additional Implementation Tasks

- [x] T101 [P] Create i18n configuration and setup files in src/i18n/
- [x] T102 [P] Create translation files for English and Spanish in src/i18n/locales/
- [x] T103 [P] Set up theme context and provider for dynamic theming
- [x] T104 [P] Create theme toggle component with persistence
- [x] T105 [P] Integrate i18n with React components using useTranslation hook
- [x] T106 [P] Add role-based conditional rendering throughout the application
- [x] T107 [P] Create comprehensive component documentation in docs/components.md
- [x] T108 [P] Add PWA manifest and service worker for offline capability
- [x] T109 [P] Implement performance optimizations (React.memo, lazy loading)
- [ ] T110 [P] Add comprehensive e2e tests with Playwright or Cypress

---

## Dependencies & Execution Order

### Phase Dependencies

- **Setup (Phase 1)**: No dependencies - can start immediately
- **Foundational (Phase 2)**: Depends on Setup completion - BLOCKS all user stories
- **User Stories (Phase 3-6)**: All depend on Foundational phase completion
  - User stories can then proceed in parallel (if staffed)
  - Or sequentially in priority order (P1 → P2 → P3)
- **Polish (Final Phase)**: Depends on all desired user stories being complete

### User Story Dependencies

- **User Story 1 (P1)**: Can start after Foundational (Phase 2) - No dependencies on other stories
- **User Story 2 (P2)**: Can start after Foundational (Phase 2) - No dependencies on other stories
- **User Story 3 (P2)**: Can start after Foundational (Phase 2) - No dependencies on other stories
- **User Story 4 (P2)**: Can start after Foundational (Phase 2) - No dependencies on other stories
- **User Story 5 (P2)**: Can start after Foundational (Phase 2) - No dependencies on other stories
- **User Story 6 (P1)**: Can start after Foundational (Phase 2) - Depends on User Stories 4 & 5 for theme/language features

### Within Each User Story

- Tests (if included) MUST be written and FAIL before implementation
- Components before pages
- Core functionality before styling
- Story complete before moving to next priority

### Parallel Opportunities

- All Setup tasks marked [P] can run in parallel
- All Foundational tasks marked [P] can run in parallel (within Phase 2)
- Once Foundational phase completes, all user stories can start in parallel (if team capacity allows)
- All tests for a user story marked [P] can run in parallel
- Components within a story marked [P] can run in parallel
- Theme and i18n setup can be done in parallel with other foundational work
- Admin features can be developed in parallel with theme/i18n once basic theming is available
- Different user stories can be worked on in parallel by different team members

---

## Parallel Example: User Story 1

```bash
# Launch all tests for User Story 1 together:
Task: "Unit test for AuthContext login functionality in src/tests/unit/AuthContext.test.tsx"
Task: "Unit test for ProtectedRoute component in src/tests/unit/ProtectedRoute.test.tsx"

# Launch all components for User Story 1 together:
Task: "Create Login page component in src/pages/Login.tsx"
Task: "Create login form with Material UI components in src/components/LoginForm.tsx"
```

---

## Implementation Strategy

### MVP First (User Story 1 Only)

1. Complete Phase 1: Setup
2. Complete Phase 2: Foundational (CRITICAL - blocks all stories)
3. Complete Phase 3: User Story 1
4. **STOP and VALIDATE**: Test User Story 1 independently
5. Deploy/demo if ready

### Incremental Delivery

1. Complete Setup + Foundational → Foundation ready
2. Add User Story 1 → Test independently → Deploy/Demo (MVP!)
3. Add User Story 2 → Test independently → Deploy/Demo
4. Add User Story 3 → Test independently → Deploy/Demo
5. Add User Stories 4 & 5 (Themes & i18n) → Test independently → Deploy/Demo
6. Add User Story 6 (Admin) → Test independently → Deploy/Demo
7. Each story adds value without breaking previous stories

### Parallel Team Strategy

With multiple developers:

1. Team completes Setup + Foundational together
2. Once Foundational is done:
   - Developer A: User Story 1 (Login)
   - Developer B: User Stories 2 & 3 (Landing & Homepage)
   - Developer C: User Stories 4 & 5 (Themes & i18n)
   - Developer D: User Story 6 (Admin features)
3. Stories complete and integrate independently
4. Theme and i18n work can support admin features

---

## Notes

- [P] tasks = different files, no dependencies
- [Story] label maps task to specific user story for traceability
- Each user story should be independently completable and testable
- Theme and i18n features are foundational for admin functionality
- Role-based features require authentication context updates
- Verify tests fail before implementing
- Commit after each task or logical group
- Stop at any checkpoint to validate story independently
- Avoid: vague tasks, same file conflicts, cross-story dependencies that break independence
- All new text must use i18n keys, no hardcoded strings
- Theme assignments take precedence over user preferences for SuperAdmin control

## Task Status Summary

### Completed Tasks (Marked [x])
- **Setup & Foundation**: All Phase 1 & 2 tasks completed
- **User Stories 1-3**: Core authentication, landing, and homepage functionality
- **Polish Features**: Loading states, error boundaries, accessibility, i18n, theming, admin features
- **Documentation**: README.md updated with comprehensive project information

### Remaining Tasks (Marked [ ])
- **Performance Optimization**: Bundle size optimization, lazy loading, React.memo
- **PWA Features**: Service worker, manifest, offline capability
- **Testing**: E2E tests, comprehensive component documentation
- **Advanced Admin**: Role management, separate user management component, role guards
- **Quality Assurance**: Final responsive testing across all devices

### Task Number Corrections
- Fixed duplicated task numbers across phases (T025-T041 were duplicated)
- Renumbered tasks sequentially from T056-T110
- Grouped related functionality properly by user story

Commit message:

init - login with keyclaok setup done

specs/tasks.md, after:

---

description: "Task list template for feature implementation"
---

# Tasks: Responsive Frontend Application

## Format: `[ID] [P?] [Story] Description`

- **[P]**: Can run in parallel (different files, no dependencies)
- **[Story]**: Which user story this task belongs to (e.g., US1, US2, US3)
- Include exact file paths in descriptions

## Path Conventions

- **Frontend project**: `src/` at repository root
- Paths shown assume the structure from plan.md

## Phase 1: Setup (Shared Infrastructure)

**Purpose**: Project initialization and basic structure

- [x] T001 Create package.json with Yarn 4+ configuration
- [x] T002 Initialize TypeScript configuration in tsconfig.json
- [x] T003 Setup Vite configuration for React 19+ in vite.config.ts
- [x] T004 Install core dependencies: React 19+, TypeScript, Material UI
- [x] T005 Install testing dependencies: Vitest, RTL, testing utilities
- [x] T006 Install optional styling: SCSS, Tailwind CSS
- [x] T007 Create basic project structure: src/, public/, tests/
- [x] T008 Configure ESLint and Prettier for code quality

---

## Phase 2: Foundational (Blocking Prerequisites)

**Purpose**: Core infrastructure that MUST be complete before ANY user story can be implemented

**⚠️ CRITICAL**: No user story work can begin until this phase is complete

- [x] T009 Setup React Router for navigation between pages
- [x] T010 Create authentication context and provider in src/contexts/AuthContext.tsx
- [x] T011 Implement protected route component in src/components/ProtectedRoute.tsx
- [x] T012 Create base layout component with responsive structure in src/components/Layout.tsx
- [x] T013 Setup global styles with Material UI theme in src/styles/theme.ts
- [x] T014 Configure responsive breakpoints and mobile-first design in src/styles/responsive.ts
- [x] T015 Create utility functions for responsive design in src/utils/responsive.ts
- [x] T016 Setup Vitest configuration for testing in vitest.config.ts

**Checkpoint**: Foundation ready - user story implementation can now begin in parallel

---

## Phase 3: User Story 1 - User Login (Priority: P1) 🎯 MVP

**Goal**: Implement secure user authentication with login page

**Independent Test**: Can be tested by accessing /login route and attempting authentication

### Tests for User Story 1

- [x] T017 [P] [US1] Unit test for AuthContext login functionality in src/tests/unit/AuthContext.test.tsx
- [x] T018 [P] [US1] Unit test for ProtectedRoute component in src/tests/unit/ProtectedRoute.test.tsx

### Implementation for User Story 1

- [x] T019 [P] [US1] Create Login page component in src/pages/Login.tsx
- [x] T020 [P] [US1] Create login form with Material UI components in src/components/LoginForm.tsx
- [x] T021 [US1] Implement login logic in AuthContext with demo credentials
- [x] T022 [US1] Add form validation and error handling in LoginForm.tsx
- [x] T023 [US1] Style login page for sleek, responsive design
- [x] T024 [US1] Add login route to React Router configuration

**Checkpoint**: At this point, User Story 1 should be fully functional and testable independently

---

## Phase 4: User Story 2 - Landing Page (Priority: P2)

**Goal**: Create an elegant, welcoming landing page

**Independent Test**: Can be viewed by accessing the root route without authentication

### Tests for User Story 2

- [x] T025 [P] [US2] Unit test for Landing page component in src/tests/unit/Landing.test.tsx

### Implementation for User Story 2

- [x] T026 [P] [US2] Create Landing page component in src/pages/Landing.tsx
- [x] T027 [P] [US2] Design hero section with welcoming content in src/components/HeroSection.tsx
- [x] T028 [US2] Add call-to-action elements and navigation hints
- [x] T029 [US2] Style landing page for elegant, standout appearance
- [x] T030 [US2] Ensure full responsiveness across all devices
- [x] T031 [US2] Add landing route as default route in React Router

**Checkpoint**: At this point, User Stories 1 AND 2 should both work independently

---

## Phase 5: User Story 3 - Homepage with Navigation (Priority: P2)

**Goal**: Build homepage with side menu and customizable layout

**Independent Test**: Can be tested by logging in and navigating to /home

### Tests for User Story 3

- [x] T032 [P] [US3] Unit test for SideMenu component in src/tests/unit/SideMenu.test.tsx
- [x] T033 [P] [US3] Unit test for Homepage component in src/tests/unit/Homepage.test.tsx

### Implementation for User Story 3

- [x] T034 [P] [US3] Create Homepage component in src/pages/Homepage.tsx
- [x] T035 [P] [US3] Implement SideMenu component with navigation items in src/components/SideMenu.tsx
- [x] T036 [P] [US3] Create customizable main layout area in src/components/MainLayout.tsx
- [x] T037 [US3] Add layout customization options (demo functionality)
- [x] T038 [US3] Integrate side menu with homepage layout
- [x] T039 [US3] Style homepage for sleek, modern appearance
- [x] T040 [US3] Ensure responsive behavior of navigation and layout
- [x] T041 [US3] Add protected homepage route to React Router

**Checkpoint**: All user stories should now be independently functional

---

## Phase 4: User Story 4 - Theme Management (Priority: P2)

**Goal**: Implement light/dark theme switching with user preferences and SuperAdmin configuration.

**Independent Test**: Can be tested by toggling themes and verifying persistence across sessions.

### Tests for User Story 4

- [x] T056 [P] [US4] Unit test for ThemeContext theme switching functionality in src/tests/unit/ThemeContext.test.tsx
- [x] T057 [P] [US4] Unit test for ThemeToggle component in src/tests/unit/ThemeToggle.test.tsx

### Implementation for User Story 4

- [x] T058 [P] [US4] Install and configure react-i18next for internationalization in src/i18n/index.ts
- [x] T059 [P] [US4] Create theme context and provider for light/dark mode in src/contexts/ThemeContext.tsx
- [x] T060 [P] [US4] Create theme toggle component in src/components/ThemeToggle.tsx
- [x] T061 [US4] Implement theme persistence in localStorage
- [x] T062 [US4] Update Material UI theme provider to support dynamic themes
- [x] T063 [US4] Add theme preference to user profile and settings
- [x] T064 [US4] Style theme toggle for responsive design

**Checkpoint**: Theme switching should work across all components

---

## Phase 5: User Story 5 - Internationalization (Priority: P2)

**Goal**: Add multi-language support with translation management.

**Independent Test**: Can be tested by switching languages and verifying all text updates.

### Tests for User Story 5

- [x] T065 [P] [US5] Unit test for i18n initialization and language switching in src/tests/unit/i18n.test.tsx
- [x] T066 [P] [US5] Unit test for LanguageSelector component in src/tests/unit/LanguageSelector.test.tsx

### Implementation for User Story 5

- [x] T067 [P] [US5] Install and configure react-i18next for internationalization in src/i18n/index.ts
- [x] T068 [P] [US5] Create translation files for English and at least one other language in src/i18n/locales/
- [x] T069 [P] [US5] Create language selector component in src/components/LanguageSelector.tsx
- [x] T070 [US5] Implement language persistence in localStorage
- [x] T071 [US5] Replace hardcoded strings with i18n keys across all components
- [x] T072 [US5] Add language preference to user profile
- [x] T073 [US5] Style language selector for responsive design

**Checkpoint**: All user-facing text should be translatable

---

## Phase 6: User Story 6 - Admin Configuration (Priority: P1)

**Goal**: Build SuperAdmin interface for theme configuration and user management.

**Independent Test**: Can be tested by SuperAdmin accessing admin panel and configuring settings.

### Tests for User Story 6

- [x] T074 [P] [US6] Unit test for role-based access control in src/tests/unit/RoleGuard.test.tsx
- [x] T075 [P] [US6] Unit test for AdminPanel component in src/tests/unit/AdminPanel.test.tsx
- [x] T076 [P] [US6] Unit test for UserManagement component in src/tests/unit/UserManagement.test.tsx

### Implementation for User Story 6

- [x] T077 [P] [US6] Update AuthContext to include user roles (SuperAdmin, Admin, User)
- [x] T078 [P] [US6] Create role-based route guard component in src/components/RoleGuard.tsx
- [x] T079 [P] [US6] Create admin panel page in src/pages/AdminPanel.tsx
- [x] T080 [P] [US6] Create separate user management component in src/components/UserManagement.tsx
- [x] T081 [US6] Implement theme assignment functionality for SuperAdmin
- [x] T082 [US6] Add admin navigation items to side menu (role-based visibility)
- [x] T083 [US6] Create theme configuration interface in admin panel
- [x] T084 [US6] Implement user role management for SuperAdmin
- [x] T085 [US6] Add admin routes to React Router with role protection
- [x] T086 [US6] Style admin panel for responsive design

**Checkpoint**: SuperAdmin should be able to configure themes and manage users

---

## Phase 7: Keycloak Authentication Integration (Priority: P1)

**Goal**: Replace demo authentication with Keycloak-based authentication using JWT tokens.

**Independent Test**: Can be tested by logging in via Keycloak and verifying token-based API communication.

### Implementation for Keycloak Integration

- [ ] T111 Install Keycloak JS adapter and React integration in package.json
- [ ] T112 Create Keycloak configuration file in src/keycloak.ts
- [ ] T113 Update AuthContext to use Keycloak authentication in src/contexts/AuthContext.tsx
- [ ] T114 Wrap App with ReactKeycloakProvider in src/main.tsx
- [ ] T115 Update ProtectedRoute component for Keycloak auth checks in src/components/ProtectedRoute.tsx
- [ ] T116 Simplify or remove custom login form in src/pages/Login.tsx
- [ ] T117 Create silent SSO check file in public/silent-check-sso.html
- [ ] T118 Implement API token interceptor for backend communication
- [ ] T119 Update role extraction from Keycloak tokens
- [ ] T120 Test Keycloak login flow and token handling

**Checkpoint**: Users can authenticate via Keycloak and access protected resources with JWT tokens

---

## Phase N: Polish & Cross-Cutting Concerns

**Purpose**: Improvements that affect multiple user stories

- [x] T087 [P] Add loading states and spinners across components
- [x] T088 [P] Implement error boundaries for better error handling
- [x] T089 [P] Add accessibility features (ARIA labels, keyboard navigation)
- [x] T090 [P] Optimize performance and bundle size
- [x] T091 [P] Add PWA features for Android/iOS readiness
- [x] T092 [P] Create reusable component library documentation
- [ ] T093 [P] Add end-to-end tests for complete user flows
- [x] T094 Update README.md with project information
- [x] T095 Final responsive testing across all devices and browsers
- [x] T096 [P] Add language selector component for i18n
- [x] T097 [P] Implement user role-based UI rendering
- [x] T098 [P] Add SuperAdmin user management interface
- [x] T099 [P] Create theme assignment functionality for SuperAdmin
- [x] T100 [P] Add audit logging for admin actions

### Additional Implementation Tasks

- [x] T101 [P] Create i18n configuration and setup files in src/i18n/
- [x] T102 [P] Create translation files for English and Spanish in src/i18n/locales/
- [x] T103 [P] Set up theme context and provider for dynamic theming
- [x] T104 [P] Create theme toggle component with persistence
- [x] T105 [P] Integrate i18n with React components using useTranslation hook
- [x] T106 [P] Add role-based conditional rendering throughout the application
- [x] T107 [P] Create comprehensive component documentation in docs/components.md
- [x] T108 [P] Add PWA manifest and service worker for offline capability
- [x] T109 [P] Implement performance optimizations (React.memo, lazy loading)
- [ ] T110 [P] Add comprehensive e2e tests with Playwright or Cypress

---

## Dependencies & Execution Order

### Phase Dependencies

- **Setup (Phase 1)**: No dependencies - can start immediately
- **Foundational (Phase 2)**: Depends on Setup completion - BLOCKS all user stories
- **User Stories (Phase 3-6)**: All depend on Foundational phase completion
  - User stories can then proceed in parallel (if staffed)
  - Or sequentially in priority order (P1 → P2 → P3)
- **Keycloak Integration (Phase 7)**: Depends on Foundational phase and User Story 1 completion
- **Polish (Final Phase)**: Depends on all desired user stories and Keycloak integration being complete

### User Story Dependencies

- **User Story 1 (P1)**: Can start after Foundational (Phase 2) - No dependencies on other stories
- **User Story 2 (P2)**: Can start after Foundational (Phase 2) - No dependencies on other stories
- **User Story 3 (P2)**: Can start after Foundational (Phase 2) - No dependencies on other stories
- **User Story 4 (P2)**: Can start after Foundational (Phase 2) - No dependencies on other stories
- **User Story 5 (P2)**: Can start after Foundational (Phase 2) - No dependencies on other stories
- **User Story 6 (P1)**: Can start after Foundational (Phase 2) - Depends on User Stories 4 & 5 for theme/language features

### Within Each User Story

- Tests (if included) MUST be written and FAIL before implementation
- Components before pages
- Core functionality before styling
- Story complete before moving to next priority

### Parallel Opportunities

- All Setup tasks marked [P] can run in parallel
- All Foundational tasks marked [P] can run in parallel (within Phase 2)
- Once Foundational phase completes, all user stories can start in parallel (if team capacity allows)
- All tests for a user story marked [P] can run in parallel
- Components within a story marked [P] can run in parallel
- Theme and i18n setup can be done in parallel with other foundational work
- Admin features can be developed in parallel with theme/i18n once basic theming is available
- Different user stories can be worked on in parallel by different team members

---

## Parallel Example: User Story 1

```bash
# Launch all tests for User Story 1 together:
Task: "Unit test for AuthContext login functionality in src/tests/unit/AuthContext.test.tsx"
Task: "Unit test for ProtectedRoute component in src/tests/unit/ProtectedRoute.test.tsx"

# Launch all components for User Story 1 together:
Task: "Create Login page component in src/pages/Login.tsx"
Task: "Create login form with Material UI components in src/components/LoginForm.tsx"
```

---

## Implementation Strategy

### MVP First (User Story 1 Only)

1. Complete Phase 1: Setup
2. Complete Phase 2: Foundational (CRITICAL - blocks all stories)
3. Complete Phase 3: User Story 1
4. **STOP and VALIDATE**: Test User Story 1 independently
5. Deploy/demo if ready

### Incremental Delivery

1. Complete Setup + Foundational → Foundation ready
2. Add User Story 1 → Test independently → Deploy/Demo (MVP!)
3. Add User Story 2 → Test independently → Deploy/Demo
4. Add User Story 3 → Test independently → Deploy/Demo
5. Add User Stories 4 & 5 (Themes & i18n) → Test independently → Deploy/Demo
6. Add User Story 6 (Admin) → Test independently → Deploy/Demo
7. Each story adds value without breaking previous stories

### Parallel Team Strategy

With multiple developers:

1. Team completes Setup + Foundational together
2. Once Foundational is done:
   - Developer A: User Story 1 (Login)
   - Developer B: User Stories 2 & 3 (Landing & Homepage)
   - Developer C: User Stories 4 & 5 (Themes & i18n)
   - Developer D: User Story 6 (Admin features)
3. Stories complete and integrate independently
4. Theme and i18n work can support admin features

---

## Notes

- [P] tasks = different files, no dependencies
- [Story] label maps task to specific user story for traceability
- Each user story should be independently completable and testable
- Theme and i18n features are foundational for admin functionality
- Role-based features require authentication context updates
- Verify tests fail before implementing
- Commit after each task or logical group
- Stop at any checkpoint to validate story independently
- Avoid: vague tasks, same file conflicts, cross-story dependencies that break independence
- All new text must use i18n keys, no hardcoded strings
- Theme assignments take precedence over user preferences for SuperAdmin control

## Task Status Summary

### Completed Tasks (Marked [x])
- **Setup & Foundation**: All Phase 1 & 2 tasks completed
- **User Stories 1-3**: Core authentication, landing, and homepage functionality
- **Polish Features**: Loading states, error boundaries, accessibility, i18n, theming, admin features
- **Documentation**: README.md updated with comprehensive project information

### Remaining Tasks (Marked [ ])
- **Keycloak Integration**: Replace demo auth with Keycloak JWT authentication
- **Performance Optimization**: Bundle size optimization, lazy loading, React.memo
- **PWA Features**: Service worker, manifest, offline capability
- **Testing**: E2E tests, comprehensive component documentation
- **Advanced Admin**: Role management, separate user management component, role guards
- **Quality Assurance**: Final responsive testing across all devices

### Task Number Corrections
- Fixed duplicated task numbers across phases (T025-T041 were duplicated)
- Renumbered tasks sequentially from T056-T110
- Grouped related functionality properly by user story
